Fix queue scalability problems (#616)
artefactual-labs/enduro: website/content/en/docs/user-manual/configuration.md

E.g.: `false`

### `[worker]`

#### `heartbeatThrottleInterval` (String)

Specifies the interval at which Enduro sends heartbeats to the workflow engine.

The string should be constructed as a sequence of decimal numbers, each with
optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "30m", "24h" or "2h30m".
Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

E.g.: `5m` (String)

#### `maxConcurrentWorkflowsExecutionsSize` (int)

Sets the maximum number of concurrent workflow executions that Enduro will accept from the workflow engine.

> A good rule of thumb is to make this value 2 times the sum total of the Archivematica pipeline capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A good rule of thumb is to set this value to twice the sum of the capacities of all the configured pipelines. For example, if two pipelines are configured with a capacity of `5` each, the value should be `20`.
```
